Update GoodMemory to 0.7.2 (#85)
Piebald-AI/awesome-gemini-cli: README.md

- [Unreal-MCP](https://github.com/IvanMurzak/Unreal-MCP) - Open-source MCP server connecting AI agents to Unreal Engine 5.7, editor and runtime (C++ plugin + .NET sidecar).
- [GameDev-MCP-Server](https://github.com/IvanMurzak/GameDev-MCP-Server) - Open-source, engine-agnostic MCP server shared by Unity-MCP, Godot-MCP, and Unreal-MCP.
- [Find MCP](https://github.com/agentage/find-mcp) - Search 17,000+ MCP servers synced from the official MCP registry (registry.modelcontextprotocol.io). Remote Streamable HTTP (`https://catalog.agentage.io/mcp`, no auth for search) or stdio (`npx -y @agentage/find-mcp`). Works with Gemini CLI: `gemini mcp add --transport http find-mcp https://catalog.agentage.io/mcp`.

> - [GoodMemory](https://github.com/hjqcan/GoodMemory) - Local-first durable memory for Gemini CLI through standalone MCP, with scoped recall, provenance and trace inspection, and explicit forgetting. Read-only by default with opt-in governed writes; install with `npm install -g goodmemory@0.7.2` and follow the [Gemini CLI setup guide](https://github.com/hjqcan/GoodMemory/blob/main/docs/GoodMemory-Gemini-CLI-Setup-Guide.md).

Reviewer: Would it be alright to do `goodmemory@latest` to avoid having to update the version number each time?  Or is having the hardcoded version and updating now and then something you specifically want to do?
```suggestion
- [GoodMemory](https://github.com/hjqcan/GoodMemory) - Local-first durable memory for Gemini CLI through standalone MCP, with scoped recall, provenance and trace inspection, and explicit forgetting. Read-only by default with opt-in governed writes; install with `npm install -g goodmemory@latest` and follow the [Gemini CLI setup guide](https://github.com/hjqcan/GoodMemory/blob/main/docs/GoodMemory-Gemini-CLI-Setup-Guide.md).
```

Author: Thanks for checking. The exact pin is intentional: it keeps the install command reproducible and tied to the tool surface, runtime prerequisites, and setup guide that were actually reviewed for this PR. `latest` could silently move the catalog entry onto a future release with different requirements before the list has revalidated it. I am happy to keep the pin current through focused update PRs, so I would prefer to leave this at `goodmemory@0.7.2`.
